---
layout:     post
title:      "Flying High on a Ski Chairlift"
subtitle:   "And being here now"
date:       2017-05-04 12:00:00
author:     "Jo Turner"
header-img: "img/Blogbeherenow.jpg"
---
Much time has passed since my last blog and I find myself on this beautiful sunny morning, reflecting on last winter now long gone. I often had a mini battle going on within me, as I find great peace from my own company, and so sometimes it was just easier to stay indoors… I would wait for the feeling to be just right to head out onto the mountain. However, there would be days, when I would force myself out because it seemed such a waste not to get out there.  

When the effort was made the rewards were tremendous. One day, as I sat on the first chairlift, I had an overwhelming feeling of gratitude and sheer joy at the magnificence of the beauty that surrounded me. The tall pine trees were laden with snow, there were animal tracks on the ground; there was a gentle breeze as we moved steadily upwards, towards the sunshine, and finally the beautiful blue sky with a few fluffy white clouds on the distant horizon. I took a couple of deep breaths to really take it all in and closed my eyes for a while. I heard voices below me, but let them float away in the air, life was ‘gIiding’ by and it was wonderful to be outside again. 

The mountain was quiet, so I took the opportunity to ski a bit faster and test myself. At this point, my view was, if this was the only run I did, it would have been worth it. But, as I moved around the mountain, she pulled me in, and encouraged me onwards higher and further afield. Another chairlift took me towards a potential hot chocolate stop, but the snow was too enticing and I sped past onto beautifully groomed slopes with no one in sight. It gets you like this, and in this moment it is like a meditation to me. The only focus is the here and now, you concentrate on your next turn and you are totally present.

This is one of the skills I’ve developed on my voyage of discovery over the years, to BE HERE NOW. I was first told about it on a training seminar a long time ago in the corporate world. I don’t think the true meaning of this really sank in, until many years later, when I found myself worrying about the future, stressing over the past and totally missing what was happening in the present. I read a few books and one in particular sticks out as a must read, the title itself says it all – “The Power of Now” by Eckhart Tolle. Here’s a link to his website -  <a href="https://www.eckharttolle.com/books/">https://www.eckharttolle.com/books/</a>

What this discovery has meant to me is that I am able to remind myself very easily to be in the present moment. This gift allows the endless chatter in your mind to subside, because you are fully present in the moment. Therefore, you do not worry about the past, nor stress about the future, or think about what others are doing or thinking about you *(they are not thinking about you anyway, as they are too busy thinking about their own worries most of the time!).*  It is very similar to meditation whereby all your opinions/judgments fall away, and you are so focused nothing can get in your way! I’m sure some of you, have heard the expression, “*if only I could get out of my own way, everything will fall into place*.”  I smile at myself, at this point, as that is something I’ve struggled with over the years, however, in this present moment everything is absolutely ok and as it should be.  Just having that thought allows any minor stresses to dissolve as if by magic. 

So whether you ski, swim, run, cook, garden, walk the dog, or are at work, or caring for someone, BE HERE NOW – be fully present so that you can experience life fully without the mind clutter of worry taking you away from the present moment.  It may seem so simple and it is, but very powerful to help you let go. It also has an added bonus of naturally coming from a place of love not fear, so you automatically feel better. Stop for a moment now, and take in your surroundings. Are you warm, in a dry place? Do you have a seat to sit on? Do you have a glass of water with you or a mug of tea? If the answer is yes to any of these questions, the chances are you’re doing OK and whatever may have been bothering you a moment a go, won’t seem so bad now. Being in the present moment and appreciating what is immediately around you is a very powerful way of grounding yourself. I know this all seems very simplistic, but believe me, getting back to basics has been a major breakthrough in realising how absolutely OK I am. Hope you have realised that too.

So, back to this glorious sunny morning, and remember to be present and focus on whatever you are about to do. Experience it fully and feel the wonderful ripple effect go on for some time afterwards. With gratitude for reading this far, always ☺ 
