---
layout:     post
title:      "Dewdrops"
subtitle:   "Glisten on the Silver Birch outside"
date:       2017-02-17 12:00:00
author:     "Jo Turner"
header-img: "img/lifeinabubble.jpg"
---
I looked out the window and there they were, like beacons of light glowing in the fading light as the winter afternoon glided effortlessly onwards, towards the rising of the moon. We’ve survived January I said to myself smugly as I looked out upon the water droplets on those delicate twigs. There I go again, looking out at them, as though they can give me answers! They really are sparkling crystals of light, hanging there so finely balanced, glistening slightly as the breeze catches them out.  On reflection, they shouldn’t be there, it is a sign that it’s mild outside and the snow is melting. However, they fill me with hope of longer days to come and warmer breezes. 

It’s been an interesting few weeks since I last wrote and I’ve kept my self-care on autopilot a bit. I have, like so many others, tried to navigate a way through the events in the world right now. I suddenly found myself glued to the Internet, searching for more information about current affairs that help me make sense of it all and then yesterday, while getting caught up between the stresses of family illnesses I heard a friend remind us, that we have a choice. His choice was whether it was better on the mountain in bad weather or making Christmas crackers in a factory! I loved the options, the options can be anything, but we have a choice, always. Again I choose happiness, kindness and compassion.

One of the things I’m often telling myself, is I should be doing so and so... I smile to myself as I type this, as I’m always so quick to tell friends “if it’s a ‘should’ then don’t do it, your heart’s not in it”. Yet, again in the last week or so, I found myself telling me to get out there and get on the mountain and ski. However, my heart was not in it. My heart was torn between people I love both suffering from winter illnesses. In this instance, what felt right was to be near them and offer support where possible. In this moment, I sit along side someone who needs care and attention right now. They sleep as I write and all’s well in the world. I may not be able to change the world, but I can change the world around me, for the better, by being me, cooking cleaning, being a companion and completely letting go of what I thought this week was meant to be and enjoying the peace and solitude that comes with staying indoors. 

So as the dewdrops on the tree outside remind me, there is always beauty in the simplest of things and whatever is going on in the wider world, it is always worthwhile to take a moment and ‘press the pause button’ and see Nature in all her glory. It doesn’t matter that there are cars and vans whizzing past behind the tree, I remember to look up and all I see in this moment are the water crystals in the silver birch with their dense back drop of larch and pine trees. I remember, that this too shall pass and when the time is right we’ll be back on the mountain, choosing a hot chocolate stop or two! ☺
