---
layout:     post
title:      "Winter 4 Years On"
subtitle:   "There has been some darkness through the light"
date:       2017-20-07 12:00:00
author:     "Jo Turner"
header-img: "img/Flyingsunset.jpg"

A lovely friend has just reminded me how much the seasons and monthly cycles affect some of us and it was like a light being switched back on! The light was always there, but I’d forgotten I had the power to switch it on myself. Sometimes I slip into darkness because it’s safe there, I know who I am there! I’m not sure, I fully know who I am in the light yet! Many weeks have passed since I last wrote, I kept thinking about writing, but nothing came and often I felt it was gone for good. I have written some personal musings in my journal, but nothing felt quite right. I have learnt if nothing else, over the last few years to go with the feeling….

NOW it feels right, and it’s because yet again I find myself in the midst of winter and I love winter, I really do. I live for snow covered mountains and skiing to hot chocolate stops! However, winter is a dark time for me in so many other ways. I don’t know how you feel about winter, but I think for many there are challenges. “Go gently on yourself” - that was the wonderful advice and reminder I was blessed with today. I can even hear myself as I write, saying, “Why did you need to wait for permission to be gentle on yourself?” 

Why indeed? Well, I’ve set myself the mission of being happy and sometimes I just don’t feel it, and you know what? Every time I hold onto that feeling it weighs me down and then something simple allows me to let go and oh! How much better, it feels. To put this all into context, this is the time of the year when I last saw my sister just over 4 years ago; it is coming up to the time when I last spoke to her nearly 4 years ago, it was also the last time I saw her on Skype and it is nearly the day when it would have been a Big-0 birthday for her. There will be chocolate cake, love and laughter on that day! But, it will be sad too, as she won’t be physically there. So as you may now gather, it is nearly 4 years since she left us on this earthly planet, and very rarely does a day go by when I don’t think of her or wish to tell her something. 

There, I’ve said it! This time of year is hard for me. However, in between those feelings, are feelings of deep gratitude for having my sister in my life as long as I did. I know people who have lost loved ones much sooner. She is still with me, larger than life in some ways, but just not here physically. Every day really is a blessing and if your day is filled with joy by being wrapped up in a blanket watching the world go by, then, so be it. Tomorrow is another day and the energy flow may well be re-charged by then, I do hope so.  

Have you been kind to yourself today? Kindness is the way forward for us all, in everything we do and in everything we aim for. As I sit here now, looking out the window, snowflakes are gently falling, and with a tear in my eye I know they are heaven sent, and I smile again. ☺ With gratitude to all my friends who have been on this journey with me, you are the best. X 

