---
layout:     post
title:      "Away from The Edge"
subtitle:   "A timely reminder about what’s important"
date:       2017-08-12 12:00:00
author:     "Jo Turner"
header-img: "img/Kindnessrun2.jpg"
---
Following my previous post, there have been some wonderful moments recently out in nature to cherish and inspire. I’ve been posting on social media again, and allowing my creativity to slowly surface with the odd helpful nudge from the Universe! One such nudge, while I was out walking a few weeks ago, was coming across the Kindness Run. (I have a feeling it’s to do with a string of fishing pools on one of the local rivers). However, it really spoke to me, and I was immediately inspired to capture it in a photo (see above). It was too good not to share, with a red roofed byre (wee barn) nearby and a beautiful backdrop of mountains. Although the day was overcast, there was a magical quality to the whole moment, as I was reminded once again, that kindness makes your heart sing in so many ways. To get this very clear message at that moment felt truly heaven sent, because in all things that are important in life, kindness is one of the simplest things to live by and one of the most important.☺

It got me thinking about all the things in the world that can bog you down, and how easily you can lose sight of the really important things, like health, friendship, laughter, playfulness, companionship, creativity, peace and the simple pleasures from being in nature again. Like many of us, in this busy and sometimes stressful world that we all live in, it is so easy to loose sight of what truly matters to us.  We all have a different path to walk upon, but if we tread softly with compassion and kindness towards our fellow human beings and of course, ourselves, we will go a long way to leading a full-filling life of joy and contentment.

The Kindness Run was also very timely, as a day or two later I headed over to the East Coast to spend a day, on what turned out to be a mind blowing workshop called ‘You are The Universe’ listening to one of my greatest inspirations in recent years, David Hamilton - <a href="https://www.drdavidhamilton.com/biography/">https://www.drdavidhamilton.com/biography/</a> having completed David’s Intergrating Science Seminar a few years ago, I have continued to follow his work as he keeps up to date with groundbreaking research and the audience was not disappointed.  This workshop is ahead of his next book and as always, David explains quite complex subjects in a way that we can all understand and hopefully grasp. There was a real buzz in the room afterwards, and several people had light bulb moments during the day. If you are interested, keep an eye out for his next book due out early in 2018. Again, with so much ground covered during the day, it was a delight to remember that at the end of the day, if we all practice kindness, and we understand that we are indeed, all connected, the world will become a better place.

It has also reminded me why I’ve chosen to continue writing, as the world needs more creatives, healers, artists, musicians and people following their heart with a passion that does indeed create all the wonderful things we have in the world from the books we can read, paintings that inspire, the homes we live in, the musical instruments available to play, the gardens we tend, the boats we sail and the skis that allow us to fly down a mountainside! The list is endless and full of possibilities, all brought into reality by these people because their hearts are so full of passion to create these things. And no matter how small your passion may seem, every person who has a passion to create will make a difference in someone’s world however small that is, and that is what spurs me onwards. With gratitude as always, for reading this post. ☺
